friends it's Julie and today's
video it's a little bit of a twofer
because while there is a giveaway at the
end of this video I also wanted to share
something with you that you could use
right away if you wanted to and that
would be one of my favorite smoothie
recipes that has a lot of
anti-inflammatory ingredients in it so
we'll just get started right away and
the first ingredient that I use is a
ripe or frozen banana that one was a
frozen banana which is why it looks so
kind of gross and dark it is still
perfectly good I put it in there when it
was still in the freezer I mean when I
was still yellow I have tons of bananas
in my freezer if they're just starting
to turn black I toss them in there
because I don't really like them anymore
they come out and look absolutely
disgusting like that but they're
actually really good in smoothies
next I add one cup of frozen pineapple
chunks I just get the bags of them pre
done so that I don't have to worry about
doing it myself every now and again I
will buy an actual pineapple and do cut
it all up and everything like that but I
like to do that when I'm just gonna be
eating the pineapple fresh instead of
making a smoothie because stuff that is
in the freezer is so much easier first
movie next I use one inch of peeled
ginger root I just cut a chunk off a bit
and took the peel off and toss it in
there I don't cut it up or anything like
that I let the blender do the work and
then I had a half cup of almond milk or
coconut milk if I use almond milk its
unsweetened usually I use coconut milk
but I didn't have any today so I use the
almond milk instead
I do actually prefer coconut milk to be
honest and next I add one teaspoon of
ground turmeric this is a fantastic
ingredient it tastes kind of like
mustard do not spill it on your clothing
it will stain you and obviously I used a
quarter of a teaspoon spoon when I was
trying to put a full teaspoon in there
which meant I had to put a lot of scoops
but there is just one teaspoon in there
even though it looks like I just have to
keep scooping and then I add a quarter
of a teaspoon of sea buckthorn matcha
powder I absolutely love this stuff I
put it in so much of my cooking okay my
little dish if it doesn't have much in
it right now but I will refill it
because that container that I just put
down has it holds more than this little
dish
and I put a quarter of a teaspoon in
there and obviously I use the t's full
teaspoon to measure that one and finally
the last ingredient that I add is a dash
of black pepper that helps for the
bioavailability of the turmeric because
turmeric is hard for the body to digest
and absorb and by adding a little bit of
black pepper it actually helps that out
so that makes the entire smoothie more
anti-inflammatory and then I just add
enough water to bring it to the max fill
line on my blender cup and you just add
enough so that it'll be the end product
the end smoothie will be as thin or as
thick as you want it to be I like a
pretty thick smoothie myself so I don't
add too too much see there's the max
fill line on my blender cup and that is
a weirdly ugly looking layered thing
that I have going on but it is
absolutely delicious when it comes out I
use the cross blade for my nutribullet
this is not a sponsored video by the way
but I use the cross blade to blend this
I used to use a magic bullet this one
just happens to be the more powerful
version of that whatever blender you
have as long as it's a good and powerful
one that should be enough and then I
just start a blending and I usually lift
it off the counter so I don't drive my
favorite downstairs crazy and because
I'm a little bit weird myself so yep it
only takes around I think 20 seconds to
do I've sped this up so that you don't
have to sit here watching my blender for
20 seconds and after it's done I just
pop the thing right back off the blender
again and take off the blade I think I
actually have to readjust my camera I
did it really not great job of filming
this I'm sorry about that I'm still
learning how to do it the filming in my
kitchen so thank you for being patient
with me as I learned but yep so then I
just take the blade off the blender cup
so that I can drink it and as you can
see it's bright bright yellow I mean
half the ingredients in there were
yellow anyway but this is mostly because
of the turmeric because that turns
everything yellow and there you have it
that's absolutely everything it takes a
very little time that looks lumpy it
absolutely wasn't it was completely
smooth I think those are just bubbles in
there that make it look lumpy but yeah
so that is absolutely delicious it is
refreshing it's fantastic as a
desert and I also like it at the
beginning of the day because I find it
is fantastic for getting things started
in the morning and moving on to the
giveaway because of a mailing error from
Canada Post when I was supposed to
receive these three creams a while back
I think I told you about the minute
video in fact I know I did
I was sent these creams and it took such
a long time the Canada Post that lost
the package and I contacted SPT
seabuckthorn and said the fake gone
missing and they looked at into it with
the tracking number and the package had
gone missing so they sent me out a
second one and then a month after the
original package was to arrive it
actually arrived so I ended up with two
packages total and I do like to pay
things forward instead of keeping stuff
for myself when I can and I like sharing
with you guys so I decided instead of
keeping these three creams for myself I
would share them in a giveaway so it
includes the body cream the hand cream
and the after Sun cream if you've been
watching my videos for a while then you
know that the after Sun cream is my
favorite find of the season I talked
about in my magazine this season I
absolutely loved it I've been using the
hand cream for quite a while now a
couple of years at least I really love
that it is a lifesaver in the summertime
but it's also in the wintertime I mean
but it's also pleasant in the summertime
and the body cream is just my regular
everyday body cream it used to be just
the one that I used when I wanted to do
something luxurious when I kind of was
having a home spa day but since they
knocked down the price of it it has just
become a part of my regular skincare
routine so all you need to do if you
want to try to win the giveaway is to
leave me a comment that tells me which
one of these creams you are most excited
about and that's it just tell me if you
are most excited about the body cream
the hand cream or the after Sun cream if
you want to tell me why I would love to
know that too but it's not a requirement
and this is available in Canada in the
United States because this is a big
package those are full-size products and
the shipping will be very expensive so I
need to be able to afford it so all the
terms and conditions for this giveaway
are in the description for this video
below so do feel free to check those out
and if you want extra ways to try to win
then
please do check me out on Facebook
Twitter or Instagram if you follow me
there and you leave a comment on the
post about this video about which one of
the creams you are most excited about
then you will have an extra chance to
win in the draw so a big thank you again
to SBT seabuckthorn for sending me out
the second package after the first one
went missing and a big good luck to
everybody who takes part in this
giveaway I'm always so excited to be
able to do giveaways it's a lot of fun
to share things that I've tried out I
love hearing your feedback once you do
try the things that you've won and I do
hope that you're having a lot of fun
with these two I do I hope you like this
video if you did please give it a thumbs
up and if you want to see more videos
like this one and all the other videos
that I make I hope you'll subscribe to
my channel because I make new videos
every Sunday and most thursdays and
other than that i'll see you next time
[Music]
you